{"hash":"c32ecfdb33b075b0057598b5b9118f3554a398cf","data":{"article":{"id":"ff9b02bd9850b412d4b4f74050adf6fe","title":"GalaxyCzars GCC2012 Breakout Session","tease":"","skip_title_render":null,"image":"","images":{},"contact":"","inserts":[{"name":"/community/galaxy-admins/linkbox","content":"<div class=\"alert alert-info float-right text-center trim-p\">\n<p><a href=\"/src/community/galaxy-admins/index.md\"><strong>GalaxyAdmins</strong></a><br>\n<a href=\"/src/community/galaxy-admins/meetups/index.md\">Meetups</a><br>\n<a href=\"/src/community/galaxy-admins/future/index.md\">Future</a><br>\n<a href=\"/src/community/galaxy-admins/surveys/index.md\">Surveys</a>  </p>\n</div>\n"}],"date":null,"content":"<div class='center'>\n<a href='/src/community/galaxy-admins/index.md'><img src=\"/src/images/logos/GalaxyAdmins.png\" /></a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;\n<a href='/src/events/gcc2012/index.md'><img src=\"/src/images/galaxy-logos/GCC2012Logo200.png\" alt=\"GCC2012\" height=\"120\" /></a>\n</div>\n\n<slot name=\"/community/galaxy-admins/linkbox\" />\n\n\n\nParticipants:\n* Alex Moskalenko\n* Nate Coraor\n* Mary Dolan\n* Gianmauro Cuccuru\n* Larry Helseth\n* Ann Black\n* ???\n\nBreakout Presentation: [https://depot.galaxyproject.org/hub/attachments/community/galaxy-admins/meetups/2012-07-27/GalaxyCzars_Breakout.pdf](https://depot.galaxyproject.org/hub/attachments/community/galaxy-admins/meetups/2012-07-27/GalaxyCzars_Breakout.pdf)]]\n\nA [GalaxyCzars](/src/community/galaxy-admins/index.md) breakout session was held at [GCC2012](/src/events/gcc2012/index.md). This was an opportunity for this group to meet face-to-face for the first time. GalaxyCzars is about installing, configuring, and maintaining large Galaxy installations. It was open to anyone.\n\n* We need a new name! \n  :: We tried to brainstorm a new name for the group... being that it was Friday afternoon this was a difficult task!  We will keep looking for a new name.  Some suggestions:  GalaxyLocals, GalaxyCommons, etc.\n\n* Talked about goals for the group\n  :: Can we as a collective community build a set of common topologies? Can we find common problems?  \n\n* Talked about problems that a lot of us have:\n  :: A common problem across the group was how to tune tools for the cluster.  IE set the number of threads, min/max heap\n"}},"context":{}}